---
title: Backend
route: backend-faq
description: 'Backend frequently asked questions'
category: 'FAQ'
priority: 1
---

# Reshuffle Backend Runtime

### Question: Are there limitations on what can be returned from an exposed function?

Answer: All objects returned from a function using `@expose` must be JSON serializable.

### Question: Will functions/code without `@expose` be available on the backend?

Answer: Exported functions in the backend will be available to other files in the backend, but will not be available to the frontend.

### Question: Does Reshuffle support custom Request/Response options such as HTTP headers and custom Request types (GET, POST, DELETE)?

Answer: Reshuffle enables you to make native JavaScript calls instead of HTTP requests. We understand that this isn't enough for some use cases, and we are actively tracking this situation.

### Question: What is the maximum time a Reshuffle backend call can run?

Answer: A single backend function invocation is limited to 60 seconds.

### Question: Where can I see logs generated by my backend code?

Answer: You can query backend logs using the CLI `logs` command.

### Question: How can I debug the code runtime when running on the cloud?

Answer: We recommend using Reshuffle CLI `logs` command for debugging backend code.

### Question: Can I access third party APIs from the Reshuffle backend?

Answer: Yes.

### Question: How do I authenticate users with Reshuffle?

Answer: We do not have a built in mechanism yet (it is on the [roadmap](https://trello.com/b/e4Hfp3cB/public-roadmap)). You are free to use any third party authentication services. Check out our [dev site](https://github.com/reshufflehq/dev-docs) for a Google OAuth example.

### Question: Does the backend support TypeScript?

Answer: Not yet, we love TypeScript at Reshuffle and this is on our [roadmap](https://trello.com/b/e4Hfp3cB/public-roadmap).

### Question: Can I install npm modules that will only be available for my backend code?

Answer: Your backend code will only be shipped with modules it actually uses, so for most use cases no additional work is needed. We plan to provide an explicit mechanism for specifying backend npm dependencies, keep an eye on our roadmap for updates.

### Question: Does Reshuffle support a notification/subscription mechanism if I want push notifications for clients?

Answer: Not currently. You can use third party services like Pusher. A subscription service is on our [roadmap](https://trello.com/b/e4Hfp3cB/public-roadmap).

### Question: If my project works locally should I expect it to always work when deployed to Reshuffle?

Answer: Yes. Note that data from the local database is not copied to the cloud when you deploy your code.

### Question: If a project is installed in my `node_modules` but does not have a corresponding entry in my `package.json`, will it work when deployed?

Answer: Only packages that are explicitly listed in your Reshuffle projects `package.json` file are available to cloud runtime. This also means, if you rely on global packages during development, it will break when deployed to the cloud.

### Question: Some platforms offer out of the box integration for express, does Reshuffle offer anything similar?

Answer: Not currently.

### Question: Can I call other `@expose` functions from the backend?

Answer: Yes, feel free to call them like any other `async` JavaScript function.

### Question: How can I control the error objects returned from the backend?

Answer: You can always return your own objects and identify them internally as errors or successful responses. Error handling is a priority for us and it's on the [roadmap](https://trello.com/b/e4Hfp3cB/public-roadmap)!

### Question: Can I manually invoke a deployed and @exposed function?

Answer: Reshuffle invocation protocol may be unstable, a stable API is on our [roadmap](https://trello.com/b/e4Hfp3cB/public-roadmap).

### Question: Is there a way to limit who can call my `@expose` backend endpoints?

Answer: Reshuffle does not have built in authentication currently. You can always implement your own authentication in backend functions to achieve this.

### Question: Can I run backend code at specific times of intervals (CRON-like)?

Answer: This is not currently supported. We are aware of this need and will keep its status updated on the [roadmap](https://trello.com/b/e4Hfp3cB/public-roadmap).

### Question: Can I debug the backend remotely?

Answer: The Reshuffle CLI `logs` command provides basic debugging support for remote backends. Consult our [roadmap](https://trello.com/b/e4Hfp3cB/public-roadmap) for future improvements to backend debugging.

### Question: Does Reshuffle surface backend metrics?

Answer: Out of the box Reshuffle has no support for metrics, you’re free to roll your own or use any third party provider.

### Question: Can I use my own database with Reshuffle?

Answer: Reshuffle does not include built-in support for third party databases. You can connect to any database from your backend code, but you will need to manage the connection manually.

### Question: Can I utilize environment variables in the backend?
	
Answer: Yes. Values located in the `.env` file of a Reshuffle projects root directory are copied into the environment of your backend runtime.

### Question: Can I remove previously deployed backend code?

Answer: Entire apps can be removed using the Reshuffle CLI `destroy` command.

### Question: Can I remove/add specific `@expose` functions?

Answer: Entire apps can be removed with the Reshuffle CLI `destroy` command, but individually exposed functions cannot be removed.

### Question: Can I deploy files and media to my backend (in the backend dir)? Is there a limit?

Answer: Any files located in the Reshuffle projects backend directory will uploaded and available on the backend. 

### Question: How can I safely work with sensitive credentials on the backend?

Answer: Our environment variables are encrypted and can be used to store sensitive information like credentials and API keys. Data contained in the '.env' file within the root directory of your project will be exposed to the backend runtime as environment variables.

### Question: Can I use my backend to serve files?

Answer: As of today all backend responses must have a JSON payload, making it difficult to serve files. This is something we’re acutely aware of, so make sure to consult our [roadmap](https://trello.com/b/e4Hfp3cB/public-roadmap).

### Question: Can I surface my backend as a user-facing API?

Answer: You can currently call backend functions from your frontend code. In the future, we will support exposing functions as public API endpoint.

### Question: Can I ssh to the server running my code?

Answer: We do not support (or currently plan to support) this use case.