---
title: Local Dev
route: local-dev-faq
description: 'Local dev frequently asked questions'
category: 'FAQ'
priority: 3
---

# Local Development

### Question: What platforms are supported for local development?

Answer: We officially support OSX and Windows. We would love to hear about your experience on other platforms.

### Question: Does the local development environment include a database?

Answer: Absolutely. All our APIs, include the data API, are compatible across the local development environment and the cloud environment. The data itself is not replicated between environment - data is not deployed with your code when you update your cloud app.

### Question: Where will backend logs appear locally?

Answer: Local backend logs appear in the terminal window you started your local server with (using `npm start`).

### Question: How can I debug my backend locally?

Answer: We recommend relying on logs generated by the local runtime which are output by the webpack server (where `npm start` was run). Keep an eye on our [roadmap](https://trello.com/b/e4Hfp3cB/public-roadmap) as this is an area we are dedicated to improving.

### Question: Can I use breakpoints in my backend code?

Answer: Like any JavaScript, you can attach your favorite debugger.

### Question: Can I transfer data from my local database to my cloud app?

Answer: You can manually read data from your local database and copy it to the cloud. We do not provide a built-in mechanism to perform this copy operation.

### Question: Does local development require an Internet connection?

Answer: The Reshuffle local development environment does not require an Internet connection. Note that third party services, such as Twilio or Stripe, may require an Internet connection to work.

### Question: Is there anything that I can’t do locally?

Answer: Our APIs are designed to be compatible across all our environments. The cloud provides scale that is not available locally. We will occasionally release opt-in preview features which may not maintain this sync.

### Question: Can I use the local version to run a self-hosted Reshuffle?

Answer: The local development environment is optimized for development and not for production. An open source environment is coming soon. The open source environment will be designed to run your apps on your own servers (in the cloud or on-prem) and will be compatible with the local and cloud environments.

### Question: Where is my local database data stored?

Answer: We are using LevelDB in the local environment. Data is stored in the `.reshuffle/db` directory of your Reshuffle projects root directory.

### Question: Can I run the local environment in a container?

Answer: Yes. Bare in mind, that the local development environment is not optimized for production. We are working on an open source environment that will be designed for running your apps on your own servers (in the cloud or on-prem) and will be compatible with the local and cloud environments.

### Question: How can I test my Reshuffle project locally?

Answer: The current best practice is to spin up the local dev environment and run your testing suite in a separate process. We love testing and are seriously dedicated to ensuring tests are a first class citizen in Reshuffle.

### Question: Why do I keep seeing all these errors about “/invoke”?

Answer: ‘/invoke’ is the generic endpoint used to communicate with your backend from the client. It indicates that some part of your backend code encountered an error that caused execution to fail. The `/invoke` error should have specifics about the code that failed, but if it doesn’t please let us know.