---
title: Terms of Service
route: terms-of-service
description: 'Terms of service'
category: 'Other Goodies'
priority: 1
---

# Reshuffle Terms of Service
## Last updated: Sep 17 2019

Welcome to the Reshuffle website located at [reshuffle.com](https://reshuffle.com/) (the "**Site**"). Please read these Terms of Service (these "Terms") and our [Privacy Policy](/legal/privacy) ("**Privacy Policy**") carefully because they govern your use of our Site, our cloud-based software platform, and the associated software development kits (SDKs), application programming interfaces (APIs) and other software made available from time to time for download at our Site (collectively, the "**Reshuffle Platform**"), which is currently in a public beta testing phase, and is designed to facilitate the development, hosting and deployment of applications for developers. For purposes of these Terms, the terms "Binaris," "we" and "us" refer to Binaris, Inc. and its subsidiaries.

IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING ARBITRATION: WHEN YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS YOU ARE AGREEING (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION) TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND BINARIS THROUGH BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN IN COURT. PLEASE REVIEW CAREFULLY SECTION 17 "DISPUTE RESOLUTION" BELOW FOR DETAILS REGARDING ARBITRATION (INCLUDING THE PROCEDURE TO OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION).

1. **Agreement to Terms. By using or downloading any portion of the Reshuffle Platform, you agree to be bound by these Terms and the Privacy Policy. If you don't agree to be bound by these Terms and the Privacy Policy, do not use or download the Reshuffle Platform.** If you are accessing and using the Reshuffle Platform on behalf of a company (such as your employer) or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these Terms. In that case, "you" and "your" will refer to that company or other legal entity.

1. **Privacy Policy.** Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information on how we collect, use and disclose information from our users. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Reshuffle Platform is subject to our Privacy Policy.

1. **Changes to Terms or Platform.** We may update the Terms at any time, in our sole discretion. If we do so, we'll let you know either by posting the updated Terms on the Site or through other communications. It's important that you review the Terms whenever we update them or you use the Reshuffle Platform. If you continue to use the Reshuffle Platform after we have posted updated Terms, you are agreeing to be bound by the updated Terms. If you don't agree to be bound by the updated Terms, then, except as otherwise provided in Section 17(e) "Effect of Changes on Arbitration", you may not use the Reshuffle Platform anymore. Because the Reshuffle Platform is currently in a beta test and development phase, and may evolve over time, we may change, enhance or discontinue all or any part of the Reshuffle Platform, and will use reasonable efforts to notify you in advance of any major changes in, or any discontinuance of, the Reshuffle Platform.

1. **Who May Use the Reshuffle Platform?**

    a. *Eligibility*. You may use the Reshuffle Platform only if you are 13 years or older, capable of forming a binding contract with Binaris and are not barred from using the Reshuffle Platform under applicable law.

    b. *Accounts*. If you want to use certain features of the Reshuffle Platform you'll have to create an account ("**Reshuffle Account**"). You can do this via the Site or through your account with certain third-party services such as GitHub or Google (each, a "Third Party Account"). If you choose the Third Party Account option we'll create your Account by extracting from your Third Party Account certain personal information such as your name and email address and other personal information that your privacy settings on the Third Party Account permit us to access. It's important that you provide us with accurate, complete and up-to-date information for your Reshuffle Account and you agree to update such information to keep it accurate, complete and up-to-date. If you don't, we might have to suspend or terminate your Reshuffle Account. You agree that you won't share access to your Reshuffle Account password with anyone and you'll notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Reshuffle Account. You're responsible for all activities that occur under your Reshuffle Account, whether or not you know about them.

1. **Feedback**. We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements or additions to the Reshuffle Platform ("**Feedback**"). You can submit Feedback through functionality that we may include in the Reshuffle Platform. You grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense through multiple tiers, under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose, including, but not limited to, the improvement of the Reshuffle Platform and our other products, services and technologies.

1. **Developer Apps**. As a feature of the Reshuffle Platform, we may offer you the ability to develop and build your own applications ("**Developer Apps**") using certain tools available in the Reshuffle Platform. We may also offer you the ability to host your Developer Apps on the Reshuffle Platform and make your Developer Apps available to end users ("**End Users**").

    a. *App Library*. In order to facilitate the development of Developer Apps, we may make available a library of sample applications ("**Template Apps**") through the Reshuffle Platform that can serve as a starting point for your Developer Apps.  Through the Reshuffle Platform you will be able to run a live preview of the Template Apps on our Site, and you will also have the option to create your own versions of the Template Apps that you can modify, enhance and customize or combine with other code. You acknowledge that the Template Apps are made available to you under the terms of third party open source licenses (e.g., the MIT license), and that your use of the Template Apps will be governed by those licenses, subject to additional restrictions set forth in Section 8 below.

    b. *GitHub Integration and Storage*. You can choose to use [GitHub](https://github.com/) to store code for your Developer Apps, in which case you will need to create and maintain an account with GitHub ("**GitHub Account**"), and grant us permission on the Reshuffle Platform to integrate your Reshuffle Account with your GitHub Account. You will manage and store all source code for your Developer Apps through GitHub's platform, APIs and associated services (collectively, the "**GitHub Services**"), and you acknowledge that your use of the GitHub Services is governed solely by your applicable terms of service or other contract(s) with GitHub. You further acknowledge and agree that (i) Binaris does not provide any aspect of the GitHub Services and is not responsible for any compatibility issues, errors or bugs in the Reshuffle Platform or GitHub Services caused in whole or in part by the GitHub Services or any update or modification to the GitHub Services; and (ii) you are solely responsible for maintaining your ability to access and use the GitHub Services and obtaining any associated licenses and consents necessary for you to utilize the GitHub Services in connection with the Reshuffle Platform.

    c. *End Users*. As between you and Binaris, you are solely responsible for the functioning of, and any problems or errors in or damages or losses caused by, the Developer Apps and the acts and omissions of your End Users in connection with their use of the Developer Apps. You are responsible for posting and maintaining a terms of service (or similar end user agreement) and privacy policy for your Developer Apps in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. You acknowledge that these Terms and our Privacy Policy govern the relationship between Binaris and you, and do not govern the relationship between you and your End Users.

    d. *Compliance with Laws*. You will maintain, operate and make available your Developer Apps in compliance with, and in a manner that enables us to comply with, all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including, but not limited to all applicable laws relating to the collection, use, storage and sharing of personal information.

    e. *Limitations*. Except as otherwise agreed by us in writing, your ability to host and make available your Developer Apps to End Users through the Reshuffle Platform may be subject to certain charges or limitations that we impose in our discretion. For example, we may, among other things, impose charges or limitations on compute time, data capacity, data access rates, and request rates for you and your End Users in connection with the use of any Developer App through the Reshuffle Platform.

1. **Content Ownership, Responsibility and Removal**.

    a. *Definitions*. For purposes of these Terms:
    (i) "**Content**" means text, graphics, images, music, audio, video, works of authorship of any kind, and information or other materials that are posted, generated, provided, stored, transmitted or otherwise made available through the Reshuffle Platform, including, but not limited to, any Developer Materials;
    (ii) "**User Content**" means any Content that Reshuffle Account holders (including you) store, submit or transmit through the Reshuffle Platform, excluding, for clarity, any End User Content and any Developer App Code;
    (iii) "**End User Content**" means any Content that your End Users store, submit or transmit through the Reshuffle Platform in connection with their use of a Developer App;
    (iv) "**Developer App Code**" means any proprietary source code owned and submitted by you for your Developer Apps and any Content generated by or contained in such proprietary source code, excluding, for clarity, any source code included in the Template Apps, or Content generated by or contained in the Template Apps, in their original form as supplied by us; and
    (v) "**Developer Materials**" means your User Content, End User Content and Developer App Code.
    (vi) "**Reshuffle Content**" means any Content other than Developer Materials.

    b. *Our Content Ownership*. We do not claim any ownership rights in any Developer Materials and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you and your End Users may have to use and exploit your Developer Materials. Subject to the foregoing, we and our licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Reshuffle Platform and Reshuffle Content, including all improvements, modifications and derivative works thereof, and any intellectual property rights associated with the foregoing. You acknowledge that the Reshuffle Platform and Reshuffle Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying any aspect of the Reshuffle Platform or Reshuffle Content.

    c. *Published App Code*. In connection with your use of the Reshuffle Platform, you may choose to submit your Developer App Code to us for release under the MIT open source license (or other open source licenses as we may approve from time-to-time) ("**Published App Code**"). Upon our receipt and approval of any Published App Code, we will make available your Published App Code under the MIT open source license (or such other approved open source license) to other Reshuffle Account holders through the Reshuffle Platform, with attribution to you.

    d. *Our Rights in User Content and Published App Code*. You grant Binaris a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sublicensable (through one or more tiers) license under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, distribute, publicly display, and publicly perform your User Content and Published App Code in connection with the offering, operation, maintenance and improvement of the Reshuffle Platform.

    e. *Our Rights in End User Content and Developer App Code*. Without limiting Section 7(d), you grant Binaris a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sublicensable (through one or more tiers) license to use, copy, modify, publicly display and publicly perform your End User Content and your Developer App Code relating to a particular Developer App solely to the extent necessary for Binaris to operate and maintain the Reshuffle Platform in connection with the hosting and deployment of such Developer App on the Reshuffle Platform on your behalf.

    f. *Your Responsibility for Developer Materials*. You are solely responsible for all Developer Materials. You represent and warrant that you own or possess all rights, permissions and approvals that are necessary to grant us the licenses in and to the Developer Materials under these Terms without (i) infringing, misappropriating or violating (or causing us to infringe, misappropriate or violate) any intellectual property, privacy or other rights of any third party or End User; or (ii) violating (or causing us to violate) any applicable laws, rules or regulations.

    g. *Rights in Reshuffle Content Granted by Binaris*. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Binaris grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to download, view, copy, display and print the Reshuffle Content solely in connection with your permitted use of the Reshuffle Platform and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes.

1. **Rights and Terms for Software and Restrictions on Use of Template Apps**. As part of the Reshuffle Platform, we may make available for download certain SDKs, APIs and other software that, among other things, may be used to develop, transform and enable your Developer App Code to work with the Reshuffle Platform, or to interface with the cloud elements of the Reshuffle Platform (collectively, but not including Template Apps, "**Software**"). Although Binaris has released the Software under the MIT open source license, in addition to the terms of the MIT open source license, you further agree that you will not use the Software or Template Apps for competitive analysis or benchmarking purposes. The download of the Software will be accompanied by other third-party software packages that run in conjunction with the Software. Those packages are subject to their own license agreements, which shall govern your use of those packages, rather than these Terms.

1. **General Prohibitions and Our Enforcement Rights**. In connection with your use of the Reshuffle Platform, you agree not to do (or allow or encourage any End User or other person to do) any of the following:

    a. Post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any Developer Materials that: (i) infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violate, or encourage any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; (iii) are fraudulent, false, misleading or deceptive; (iv) are defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive; (v) promote discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; (vi) are violent or threatening or promote violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity; or (vii) promote illegal or harmful activities or substances;

    b. Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Reshuffle Platform, Binaris's computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Binaris's providers;

    c. Attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Reshuffle Platform, any system or network of Binaris or its providers, or breach any security or authentication measures of Binaris or its providers;

    d. Avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by Binaris or any of Binaris's providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect the Reshuffle Platform, the system or network of Binaris or its providers, or Content;

    e. Attempt to access or search the Reshuffle Platform or Content or download Content from the Reshuffle Platform through the use of any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided by Binaris or other generally available third-party web browsers;

    f. Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Reshuffle Platform or Content;

    g. Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, but not limited to, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Reshuffle Platform or the system or network of any Binaris provider;

    h. Use the Reshuffle Platform or any of its component features for competitive analysis or benchmarking, or to otherwise develop, sell, license, commercialize or contribute to the development or commercialization of any product or service that could, directly or indirectly, compete with the Reshuffle Platform or any other product or service of Binaris;

    i. Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;

    j. Violate any applicable law or regulation; or

    k. Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.

    Although we're not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Reshuffle Platform or Content or to review or edit any Content, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating or protecting the Reshuffle Platform, to ensure compliance with these Terms and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any Content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any Content to be objectionable or in violation of these Terms. We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms or conduct that affects the Reshuffle Platform. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law.

1. **DMCA/Copyright Policy**. We respect copyright law and the intellectual property rights of others, and we expect our users to do the same. It is our policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances Reshuffle Account holders who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders. Please see Binaris's [Copyright and IP Policy](/legal/copyright), for further information.

1. **Links to Third Party Websites or Resources**. The Reshuffle Platform and Content may contain links to third-party websites or resources. We provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible for the content, products or services on or available from those websites or resources or links displayed on such websites. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party websites or resources.

1. **Termination**. We may terminate or suspend your access to and use of the Reshuffle Platform if you violate these Terms, if necessary for us to conduct maintenance on or implement updates to the Reshuffle Platform, or if we discontinue the existing version of the Reshuffle Platform, at any time and without notice to you. You may cancel your Reshuffle Account at any time through functionality that we may include in the Reshuffle Platform or by sending an email to us at [legal@reshuffle.com](mailto:legal@reshuffle.com). Upon any termination, discontinuation or cancellation of the Reshuffle Platform or your Reshuffle Account, the following Sections will survive: 7(a), 7(b), 7(d), 7(e), 7(f), 9(h), and 11-18.

1. **Warranty Disclaimers**.

    a. *GENERAL*. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE RESHUFFLE PLATFORM, SOFTWARE, TEMPLATE APPS AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE RESHUFFLE PLATFORM, SOFTWARE, TEMPLATE APPS OR CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY REGARDING THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, TRUTHFULNESS, COMPLETENESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY SOFTWARE, TEMPLATE APPS OR CONTENT.

    b. *Development Status*. You acknowledge and agree that: (a) the Reshuffle Platform is still under development and has not been commercially released by Binaris; (b) the Reshuffle Platform is not in final form and may not operate properly or be fully functional; (c) the Reshuffle Platform, Software and Template Apps may contain errors, design flaws or other problems; (d) it may not be possible to make the Reshuffle Platform fully functional; (e) the information obtained using the Reshuffle Platform may not be accurate; (f) use of the Reshuffle Platform, Software and Template Apps may result in unexpected results, loss of data, software code or communications, project delays or other unpredictable damage or loss, and it is your responsibility to back up and restore any software code or data that you store in or transmit through the Reshuffle Platform; (g) Binaris is under no obligation to release a commercial version of the Reshuffle Platform; and (h) Binaris has the right to unilaterally abandon development of the Reshuffle Platform, at any time and without any obligation or liability to you.

1. **Indemnity**. You will indemnify and hold harmless Binaris and its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, (including, but not limited to, reasonable legal and accounting fees) arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your End Users, Developer Apps and Developer Materials; (ii) your and your End Users' access to or use of the Reshuffle Platform, Developer Apps or Content; or (iii) your violation of these Terms.

1. **Limitation of Liability**. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER BINARIS NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE RESHUFFLE PLATFORM, SOFTWARE, TEMPLATE APPS OR CONTENT WILL BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, LOST SAVINGS, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE RESHUFFLE PLATFORM, SOFTWARE, TEMPLATE APPS, DEVELOPER APPS, OR CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT BINARIS OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE PARTIES HAVE AGREED THAT THESE LIMITATIONS WILL SURVIVE AND APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SPECIFIED IN THESE TERMS IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

1. **Governing Law and Forum Choice**. These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and the laws of the State of California, without regard to or application of its conflict of laws provisions. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 17 "Dispute Resolution", the exclusive jurisdiction for all Disputes (defined below) that you and Binaris are not required to arbitrate will be the state and federal courts located in San Francisco County, California, and you and Binaris each waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.

1. **Dispute Resolution**.

    a. *Mandatory Arbitration of Disputes*. We each agree that, except as set forth in clause (b) below, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Reshuffle Platform, Software or Content (collectively, "**Disputes**") will be resolved **solely by binding, individual arbitration and not in a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding**. You and Binaris agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of these Terms, and that you and Binaris are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms.

    b. *Exceptions and Opt-out*. As limited exceptions to Section 17(a) above: (i) you may seek to resolve a Dispute in small claims court if it qualifies; and (ii) we each retain the right to bring an action in court based on the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights and/or to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from a court to prevent (or enjoin) the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights. In addition, **you will retain the right to opt out of arbitration entirely and litigate any Dispute** if you provide us with written notice of your desire to do so by email at [legal@reshuffle.com](mailto:legal@reshuffle.com) within thirty (30) days following the date you first agree to these Terms.

    c. *Conducting Arbitration and Arbitration Rules*. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("**AAA**") under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the "**AAA Rules**") then in effect, except as modified by these Terms. The AAA Rules are available at [adr.org](https://www.adr.org) or by calling 1-800-778-7879. A party who wishes to start arbitration must submit a written Demand for Arbitration to AAA and give notice to the other party as specified in the AAA Rules. The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at [adr.org](https://www.adr.org).

    If your claim is for U.S. $10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic or video-conference hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules.  If your claim exceeds U.S. $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) where you live, unless we both agree to a different location. The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to decide all issues relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability and scope of this arbitration agreement.

    d. *Arbitration Costs*. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. We'll pay for all filing, administration and arbitrator fees and expenses if your Dispute is for less than $10,000, unless the arbitrator finds your Dispute frivolous. If we prevail in arbitration we'll pay all of our attorneys' fees and costs and won't seek to recover them from you. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys' fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law.

    e. *Class Action Waiver*. **YOU AND BINARIS AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING**. Further, if the parties' dispute is resolved through arbitration, the arbitrator may not consolidate another person's claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.  If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Dispute Resolution section shall be null and void.

    f. *Effect of Changes on Arbitration*. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 "Changes to Terms or Services" above, if Binaris changes any of the terms of this Section 17 "Dispute Resolution" after the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to [legal@reshuffle.com](mailto:legal@reshuffle.com)) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the "Last Updated" date above or in the date of Binaris's email to you notifying you of such change. By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Binaris in accordance with the terms of this Section 17 "Dispute Resolution" as of the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms).

    g. *Severability*. With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 17(e) of these Terms ("**Class Action Waiver**"), if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction decides that any part of these Terms is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of these Terms will still apply.

1. **General Terms**.

    a. *Entire Agreement*. These Terms, including the Privacy Policy, constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Binaris and you regarding the Reshuffle Platform, Software and Content, and these Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Binaris and you regarding the Reshuffle Platform, Software and Content. If any provision of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable by an arbitrator or a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Binaris's prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be void. Binaris may freely assign or transfer these Terms without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

    b. *Notices*. Any notices or other communications provided by Binaris under these Terms, including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be given: (i) via email; or (ii) by posting to the Reshuffle Platform. For notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.

    c. *Waiver of Rights*. Binaris's failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Binaris. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.

1. **Contact Information**. If you have any questions about these Terms or the Reshuffle Platform, please contact Binaris at [legal@reshuffle.com](mailto:legal@reshuffle.com) or through functionality that we may include through the Reshuffle Platform.